- YOU WON'T BELIEVE
WHAT'S BEEN HEATING UP
ON  HOT IN CLEVELAND.
- WOW!
- I'M MOVING IN
WITH MY BOYFRIEND ALEC.
VICTORIA'S IN LOVE
WITH A FAMOUS MOVIE STAR.
JOY GOT AN INTERNSHIP
WITH BOB, A PRIVATE DETECTIVE.
AND ALL SEASON LONG,
ELKA'S BEEN HIDING A BIG SECRET.
- OH, MY GOD!
SO THAT'S WHAT
YOU'VE BEEN SELLING!
- OKAY, YOU GOT ME.
NOW WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
TONIGHT, HOT IN CLEVELAND
IS PERFORMED LIVE
IN FRONT
OF A STUDIO AUDIENCE.
SO I BETTER WATCH
MY [bleep] LANGUAGE.
- [stammers]
WE ARE JUST STUNNED, ELKA.
- I AM IN SHOCK.
HOW COULD YOU HAVE
ALL THESE PILLS
AND NOT HAVE SHARED?
- SHE'S NOT TAKING THEM,
SHE'S SELLING THEM...
TO SENIORS, AT A DISCOUNT.
- MY PRICES ARE INSANE.
- ALSO, ILLEGAL.
SHE AND MAMIE SUE HAVE BEEN
SMUGGLING MEDS IN FROM CANADA
FOR THEIR FRIENDS
WHO CAN'T AFFORD THEM.
- YOU MEAN THESE
ARE JUST OLD PEOPLE MEDS?
YOU DON'T HAVE ANY BOTOX
OR WRINKLE CREAM?
- THOSE ARE OLD PEOPLE MEDS
TOO, DEAR.
- ELKA, I KNOW
YOU WANNA HELP YOUR FRIENDS,
BUT THIS IS DANGEROUS.
YOU COULD GO TO JAIL.
- WHO CARES ABOUT THAT?
WE COULD ALL GO TO JAIL.
WE'RE ACCESSORIES!
- OH, IF ONLY
MY OSCAR-WINNING BOYFRIEND
SIR EMMET LAWSON WERE HERE.
- WHAT WOULD HE DO?
- NOTHING.
SHE JUST LIKES SAYING IT.
- I DO.
I REALLY DO.
- JUST SELL EVERYTHING
YOU'VE GOT NOW,
AND THEN YOU'RE DONE.
- EVERYTHING?
THAT...
MIGHT TAKE A WHILE.
- JUST HOW MUCH MEDICINE
ARE YOU TWO SITTING ON?
- WE'RE NOT SURE.
MAMIE SUE'S IN THE STORM CELLAR
TAKING INVENTORY.
- INVENTORY?
- GOOD NEWS, MRS. GOULD.
I CAN BRING YOUR HEART PILLS
WHEN WE GO SWIMMING TOMORROW.
IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE
YOU NEED?
NOW COME ON, MRS. GOULD.
NO JUDGMENTS HERE.
NOTHING I HAVEN'T HEARD.
HAVEN'T HEARD THAT.
OH, I JUST REMEMBERED.
I CAN'T SWIM WITH YOU ANYMORE.
BUT I WILL LOOK
FOR AN OINTMENT.
- OH, MY GOD!
- UNBELIEVABLE!
- MAMIE SUE,
WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?
- THIS ISN'T
WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
UNLESS IT LOOKS LIKE AN ILLEGAL
PHARMACY IN YOUR STORM CELLAR.
IN WHICH CASE IT'S EXACTLY
WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
[upbeat music]
- ♪ BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH ♪
LIVE!
- I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS IS GOING ON.
I MEAN, I'M SUPPOSED TO MOVE IN
WITH ALEC TODAY.
[gasps]
OH, NO.
WHAT IF THIS IS A SIGN
THAT I SHOULDN'T MOVE IN?
MAYBE IT'S TOO SOON.
I'M--I'M STILL DOING
THAT DATING TRICK
WHERE YOU SNEAK OUT OF BED
AND PUT MAKEUP ON
BEFORE HE WAKES UP SO HE THINKS
THAT'S WHAT YOU ACTUALLY
LOOK LIKE IN THE MORNING.
[laughing]
HOW LONG CAN I KEEP THAT UP?
- OH, YOU'LL HAVE PLENTY OF TIME
TO THINK ABOUT THAT IN JAIL,
WHERE YOU MIGHT NOT BE
SO INTERESTED IN LOOKING GOOD
FOR THE PERSON
YOU WAKE UP WITH.
ELKA, GET IN HERE NOW!
- MAMIE, I'M SHOCKED!
WHAT IS ALL THIS?
- WOW.
THIS LOOKS LIKE THE INSIDE
OF MY PURSE IN THE '70S.
JUST WHERE DID YOU GET
ALL THIS STUFF?
- OUR CANADIAN SUPPLIER
OFFERED US HER ENTIRE STOCK
BECAUSE SHE HAD TO FLEE
THE COUNTRY.
IT WAS EITHER TAX EVASION
OR BEING IMPOLITE,
ONE OF THOSE THINGS THEY
THROW YOU OUT OF CANADA FOR.
- WELL, THIS PLACE
MAKES ME VERY NERVOUS.
I MEAN, WHAT IF THE COPS COME
AND BUST US?
- WE'LL HIDE THIS STUFF...
IN OUR CLEAVAGE.
UH, SORRY, JOY.
[knock at door]
- OH, MY GOD!
THAT'S THE COPS.
THAT'S A COP'S KNOCK
AND I CANNOT MOVE IN WITH ALEC
WITH A RAP SHEET.
- OH, SHE IS SUCH A COWARD.
AS AM I.
- MAMIE?
IT'S ME, TOMMY.
I'M HERE TO PICK UP
MY GRANDFATHER'S PILLS.
- RELAX, EVERYONE.
IT'S THAT SWEET BOY
WHO WON THE STATE SPELLING BEE.
COME IN, TOMMY.
- MORNING, LADIES.
- HI.
- WOW!
LOOK AT ALL THIS!
VERY IMPRESSIVE.
- THANK YOU.
- OF COURSE,
AN ILLEGAL SETUP LIKE THIS
COULD GET YOU INTO
A LOT OF TROUBLE.
- LISTEN TO THIS MAN.
HE KNOWS WHAT
HE'S TALKING ABOUT.
- INDEED I DO.
LET ME TELL YOU
A LITTLE STORY.
ONCE UPON A TIME,
I CONTROLLED THE BLACK MARKET
PILL BUSINESS IN CLEVELAND.
BUT THEN IT SUDDENLY DRIED UP.
SOMEONE STARTED SELLING
AT COST.
- THAT MIGHT BE US.
- WHEN I LOSE BUSINESS,
I GET ANGRY.
WHEN I GET ANGRY,
I BURN THINGS.
WHEN I BURN THINGS,
I GET HAPPY.
I GOT A PROPOSITION FOR YOU.
HOW ABOUT I TAKE ALL THIS STUFF
OFF YOUR HANDS?
- WHAT IF WE SAY NO?
- WELL, THAT WOULD INITIATE
THE WHOLE
ANGRY-BURNING-HAPPY CYCLE.
- TOMMY, YOU'RE THREATENING US
WITH ARSON?
BUT YOU'RE A SPELLING BEE
CHAMPION.
- AND I'VE BEEN CHASING
THAT RUSH EVER SINCE.
- THIS IS UNCONSCIONABLE.
- UNCONSCIONABLE?
THAT'S THE WORD THAT
KNOCKED ME OUT OF NATIONALS.
- IS IT?
- I WAS HUMILIATED IN FRONT
OF DOZENS OF PEOPLE
WATCHING ON ESPN3.
LOOK, I'LL BE BACK TONIGHT
WITH MY ASSOCIATES
TO GET ALL THIS STUFF.
AND IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT,
LET ME REMIND YOU.
THERE'S A LOT OF OLD,
DRY THINGS IN HERE
THAT COULD GO UP FAST.
- ARE YOU JUST GONNA
TAKE THAT, JOY?
- WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
- OH, MY GOD.
WELL, I SAY WE JUST
GIVE TOMMY THE STUFF.
I MEAN, IT'S BETTER
TO BE ROBBED
THAN TO HAVE OUR HOUSE
GO UP IN FLAMES.
- WE CAN'T.
- SHE'S RIGHT.
HE'S GONNA JACK UP THE PRICES
FOR OUR FRIENDS,
AND WE INVESTED ALL OUR SAVINGS
IN THIS PLACE.
- AND I DON'T WANNA JUST GO--
[stammering]
[babbling incoherently]
- OH, OH, OKAY!
LET'S NOT PANIC YET.
LET ME REMIND YOU.
I AM A CRIMINOLOGY MAJOR
AT CLEVELAND STATE.
- CAN WE PANIC NOW?
- THANK YOU, LADIES.
- HERE YOU GO, SOPHIE.
YOUR LAST BARGAIN
PRESCRIPTIONS
BEFORE TOMMY HIKES UP
THE PRICES.
- OH, I BETTER RUN.
I'M GOING SWIMMING
WITH MRS. GOULD.
- YOU MIGHT WANNA TAKE THESE.
AND THESE.
- DID YOU GET IN TOUCH
WITH BOB YET?
- WHO'S BOB?
- THE DETECTIVE I WORK FOR.
HE'S OUT OF TOWN,
SO HE'S SENDING OVER HIS BROTHER
CLAUDE WHO'S ALSO A DETECTIVE.
I'VE MET HIM.
HE MAY NOT LOOK THAT SMART,
OR BE THAT SMART...
AND HE MAY SMELL
LIKE WET POTATOES...
BUT IF MY CRIMINOLOGY INSTINCTS
ARE RIGHT...
HE'S STANDING
RIGHT BEHIND ME.
- HI, JOY.
YOU GET MORE BEAUTIFUL
EVERY TIME I SEE YOU.
- BUT YOU'VE ONLY SEEN ME
THE ONE TIME.
- THAT YOU KNOW OF.
BUT I SHOULD NOT BE FLIRTING.
YOU'RE BOB'S GIRL.
- I'M NOT BOB'S GIRL.
- THAT'S NOT WHAT HE SAYS
IN HIS SLEEP.
- YOU SHARE A ROOM
WITH YOUR BROTHER?
- TWIN BEDS.
NOTHING WEIRD.
- I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU GUYS,
BUT IT LOOKS TO ME
LIKE WE'RE IN GOOD HANDS, HUH?
- SO I'VE DONE SOME RESEARCH.
I'VE DONE SOME RESEARCH
ON THIS TOMMY,
AND HE IS A BAD GUY.
SO I THINK
WHAT WE NEED TO FIND
IS A BIGGER BAD GUY
TO SCARE HIM OFF.
- WELL, I GUESS THAT COULD WORK.
DO YOU KNOW ONE?
WHO'S THE MOST FRIGHTENING
PERSON YOU CAN THINK OF?
- [inhales]
NO CONTEST.
SALVATORE FERULLO,
AKA SALLY FROM CINCINNATI.
HE'S OHIO'S BIGGEST
CRIME BOSS,
YET NO ONE HAS EVER
SEEN HIS FACE.
- WELL, IF NO ONE KNOWS
WHAT THIS SALLY LOOKS LIKE,
THEN HOW ABOUT WE JUST GET
SOMEONE TO PRETEND TO BE SALLY?
- WAIT, HOW DO WE EXPLAIN
HOW WE KNOW HIM?
- SIMPLE.
WE'LL TAKE THE PLOT
FROM MY LIFETIME
ORIGINAL MOVIE...
I'M IN LOVE
WITH MY BROTHER'S KILLER.
THE TAGLINE WAS,
"KEEP YOUR FRIENDS CLOSE
AND YOUR ENEMIES...IN BED."
IT WAS MY FIRST
SIDE NUDE SCENE.
- [inhales]
I KNEW I RECOGNIZED YOU
FROM SOMEWHERE.
- HOW ABOUT WE JUST SAY
SALLY'S MY SON?
- GOOD IDEA.
BUT WE STILL NEED TO FIND
SOME BIG GOON TO PLAY SALLY.
- WHAT?
IS THERE A BIG GOON
STANDING BEHIND ME?
- NERVOUS?
- NO.
UNLESS YOU FIND
NERVOUSNESS SEXY.
SOME WOMEN DO.
OR AT LEAST,
THEY CLAIM THEY DO
AND THEN THEY NEVER
CALL YOU BACK.
- I DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT SALLY WOULD WEAR,
SO I BROUGHT YOU SOME CHOICES.
- A FEDORA!
I'M TOO NERVOUS
TO ROCK A FEDORA.
- OKAY!
OKAY, NO HATS.
WE DON'T WANT TO HIDE
YOUR SEXY...SIDE HAIR.
YOU'RE GONNA BE GREAT!
I'LL GO GET SOME MORE TEA.
- SO YOU'RE AN ACTRESS.
HOW DO YOU KEEP
FROM THROWING UP?
- WHY WOULD I KEEP
OH! OH!
YOU'RE NERVOUS.
WELL, UH, I THINK
THAT WE MIGHT BE ABLE
TO FIND SOMETHING IN THIS ROOM
THAT WILL RELAX YOU.
- ARE YOU COMING ON TO ME?
- CLAUDE'S A MESS,
BUT I TOOK CARE OF IT.
THE OLD ALCOHOL
IN THE TEACUP TRICK.
- HEARD OF IT.
- CLAUDE'S A MESS,
BUT I TOOK CARE OF IT.
I JUST GAVE HIM SOME PILLS.
- YOU GAVE OUR GOON PILLS?
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
I GAVE HIM ALCOHOL.
- WELL, HOW WAS I SUPPOSED
TO KNOW THE GOON WAS LOADED?
- WHAT HAVE I TOLD YOU
ABOUT KEEPING A LOADED GOON
IN THE HOUSE?
[doorbell rings]
- OH! THAT'S TOMMY. HE'S HERE.
- OKAY, I'LL GO
AND SOBER UP CLAUDE.
- I'LL GET THE DOOR.
- I'LL CHUG SOME MORE TEA.
- HELLO, TOMMY.
YOU'RE EITHER VERY BRAVE
OR VERY STUPID.
SALLY FROM CINCINNATI'S
GOING TO BE HERE ANY MINUTE.
- YEAH, I DIDN'T BUY THAT
ON THE PHONE,
AND I'M NOT BUYING IT NOW.
IF SALLY WERE REALLY
YOUR KID...
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME
IN THE STORM CELLAR?
- MAYBE I'M NOT
THE BRAGGING TYPE.
- WHAT IF I SAID
I DIDN'T BELIEVE YOU?
- WHAT IF I SAID,
"UNCONSCIONABLE"?
- CLAUDE?
CLAUDE, WHERE--
[gasps]
OH, MY GOD!
CLAUDE!
CLAUDE, ARE YOU DEAD?
- ARE YOU COMING ON
TO ME AGAIN?
- UH-HUH.
UH-HUH.
- GO SEE WHAT'S TAKING VICTORIA
AND CLAUDE SO LONG.
- LOOK, I GOT TWO ROIDED UP
FORMER MATHLETES
HEADED OVER TO CLEAR OUT
YOUR PHARMACY.
THEY WILL BE HERE ANY MINUTE,
UNLIKE YOUR MYTHICAL SALLY.
- UH, WAIT!
MY PHONE'S VIBRATING.
HELLO?
IT'S YOUR SON,
SALLY FROM CINCINNATI.
YOU SAY YOU'LL BE HERE
IN JUST TEN MINUTES?
WELL, HURRY, ALL RIGHT?
- [deep voice] HELLO, MOTHER.
IT'S YOUR SON,
SALLY FROM CINCINNATI.
- THANKS FOR HURRYING.
- YOU EXPECT ME TO BELIEVE
THIS SKINNY BITCH
IS SALLY FROM CINCINNATI?
- FIRST, THANKS FOR THE SKINNY.
BUT TRUST ME, I JUST
LET PEOPLE THINK I'M A MAN,
'CAUSE THAT WAY,
THEY DON'T SEE ME COMING
BUT I SEE THEM...
[imitates neck breaking]
GOING.
NOW YOU HAVE THREE SECONDS
TO GET YOUR ASS OUTTA HERE.
ONE, TWO--
- [deep voice] HEY, MA,
SORRY I'M LATE.
- NO!
- WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?
- SALLY FROM CINCINNATI.
- NO! GO AWAY!
- SCARED OF ME, HUH?
WELL, YOU OUGHT TO BE.
AND YOU'RE SURPRISED
I'M A WOMAN, RIGHT?
- [stammering]
- WE COVERED THAT.
- AS I JUST MADE CLEAR,
I AM SALLY FROM CINCINNATI.
- OUT OF MY WAY!
I'M SALLY FROM CINCINNATI.
- OH, MY GOD.
- SO YOU HAD BETTER
BE GONE...
BY THE TIME I WAKE UP.
- SO HOW MANY MORE BUFFOONS
ARE GONNA COME IN HERE
SAYING THEY'RE
SALLY FROM CINCINNATI?
- SOMEONE SAY MY NAME?
- LOOK.
LOOK, LOOK, LOOK.
I DON'T KNOW
WHO YOU ARE, PAL.
- I TOLD YOU WHO I WAS,
BUT YOU WOULDN'T LISTEN.
I ONCE KNEW A MAN
NAMED PHIL.
HE ALSO REFUSED TO LISTEN.
I CARRY A SMALL SOUVENIR
OF THAT ENCOUNTER.
- [gasps]
IS THAT A HUMAN EAR?
- PHIL HAS ONLY ONE NOW,
BUT STRANGELY HIS HEARING
HAS IMPROVED.
DO WE AGREE ON WHO I AM
OR DO I NEED TO SHOW YOU
ANOTHER MEMENTO?
I MUST WARN YOU THAT THIS ONE
COMES FROM A MAN...
WHO SLEPT WITH MY SISTER.
[all protesting]
- UNLUCKY BASTARD!
- JUDGING FROM THE SIZE
OF THE BOX,
HE WASN'T THAT LUCKY
TO BEGIN WITH.
- I'M A VERY PRIVATE MAN.
SO IT TAKES A LOT
FOR ME TO REVEAL MYSELF.
AND WHEN I HEAR
THAT SOME PILL PUSHER DAME
IS CLAIMING TO BE MY MOTHER,
I GET ANGRY.
AND WHEN I GET ANGRY,
I BURN THINGS.
- I DO THAT!
OH, I'M A BIG FAN OF YOUR WORK.
I MEANT NO DISRESPECT.
- WONDERFUL.
LET'S BE FACEBOOK FRIENDS.
- REALLY?
- NO! I'M A MOBSTER.
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS.
YOU CAN FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER.
#BATTERYACID,
#WOODCHIPPER,
#GOBENGALS.
NOW GET OUTTA HERE!
- YES, SIR.
OH, AND IF MY ASSOCIATES
IRA GOLDFARB AND SAM QUAN
SHOW UP WITH A U-HAUL,
JUST TELL THEM THAT
"GANDALF IS  NOT IN THE TOWER."
THEY'LL KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS.
- ALL RIGHT, YOU.
YOU THREE DON'T LOOK LIKE
YOU COME FROM CLEVELAND.
- ACTUALLY,
WE'RE FROM LOS ANGELES.
- RIGHT, AND WE MOVED HERE
BECAUSE WE WERE FEELING
INVISIBLE.
- YEAH, MEN HAD STOPPED
LOOKING AT US.
- OH, THE MEN IN L.A.
DON'T LOOK AT WOMEN
IN THEIR 30S?
- OH, MY GOD!
- OH, YOU THINK WE'RE
IN OUR 30S?
HE ACTUALLY THINKS
WE'RE IN OUR 30S.
THAT IS SO VERY SWEET.
SEE, THAT'S WHY WE MOVED HERE.
- OH, IT IS A GOOD REMINDER.
- YEAH.
IT PUTS EVERYTHING
IN PERSPECTIVE.
- KILL THEM FIRST.
- OR--
- YOU WANT MERCY?
TOUGH!
SALLY FROM CINCINNATI
SHOWS MERCY TO NO ONE.
- ELKA, DID I LEAVE
MY GLASSES HERE?
[gasps]
SALVATORE!
- MAMA?
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- NOTHING.
- NOTHING? NO.
YOU KNOW WHAT, HE'S SCARING US.
- MY SWEET SALVATORE?
- YOUR SWEET SALVATORE
IS THE BIGGEST MOBSTER IN OHIO.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW THAT?
- NO, SHE DIDN'T.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
- YOU'RE A CRIMINAL, SALLY?
YOU SAID YOU WORKED FOR NPR.
- I-I-I DO, MA.
IT'S JUST THAT, UH, YOU DON'T
THINK THAT PUBLIC RADIO
COULD PAY FOR THOSE EXPERIMENTAL
SKIN TREATMENTS, DO YOU?
LOOK AT HER!
108 YEARS OLD!
WHAT A WOMAN!
LOOK AT THE BROAD!
- HEY! YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY
STUNNING.
- OH, MY GOD!
SALVATORE,
DID YOU KILL THIS MAN?
- NO, MA.
I NEVER SAW HIM BEFORE THIS.
- RIGHT, LIKE YOU NEVER SAW
THOSE MAGAZINES
IN THE TOOL SHED.
- MA!
WHOA!
- OH, I'M SO ASHAMED THAT
MY SON CAME HERE TO HURT YOU.
- I DIDN'T HURT ANYONE!
BACK ME UP HERE.
- OKAY, HE'S HERE TO HELP US.
- I LIKE THAT.
- BY BUYING OUR MEDICINE
AT A GOOD PRICE
SO HE CAN GIVE IT AWAY TO ALL
THE POOR SENIORS IN CLEVELAND.
- ALL RIGHT, YOU GOT A DEAL.
- LET'S GO AND LEAVE
THESE NICE PEOPLE ALONE.
- CAN WE STOP FOR ICE CREAM?
- WE'LL SEE.
- THAT MEANS NO.
- OH, MY GOD.
WELL, THAT WAS A SERIES
OF FORTUNATE COINCIDENCES
THAT FINISHED--
OH, LOOK AT THAT--
RIGHT ON TIME, GIVE OR TAKE.
- I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU,
BUT MY HANDS ARE EMPTY.
I FEEL LIKE
I NEED A MARTINI.
- OH, BOY, YOU KNOW,
SOMETIMES I WAS
A LITTLE NERVOUS TONIGHT.
I ALMOST FORGOT
WHAT I HAD TO SAY.
- I THINK YOU DID GREAT.
AND I THINK
YOU CAN TAKE A BOW.
- I THINK WE COULD ALL
TAKE A BOW.
- YES.
- SOMEONE SAY, "TAKE A BOW"?
[cheers and applause]
- BRAVO!
- WE DID IT!
WE DID IT!
- NO, YOU DID IT!
- NO, STAY!
- STAY.
THEY WANT US ALL TO STAY, STAY.
- GOOD JOB.